chore: Add icons to unique svg file and remove from final bundle (#378)
vtex-sites/base.store: README.md

   )
```

### Adding SVG Icons

> Icons are very useful and they help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes the way we put them into the web page, they can decrease the page performance and don't exist the unique technique that will allow add them decreasing the least possible. So, this project suggest use SVGs from unique SVG and load them with the `IconSVG` component.

Reviewer: Some suggestions, but I'm not sure about the 2nd sentence:

```suggestion
Icons are handy and help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes, including them can decrease performance. There isn't a silver bullet solution that allows them to be added while not decreasing the performance. So, this project suggests using SVGs from a single SVG file and loading them with the `IconSVG` component.
```

So, follow those steps to add or use a new SVG icon:

> > :warning: This is a suggestion, evaluate if this fit for your scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: This is a suggestion, evaluate if this fits your scenario.
```

1. If the SVG does not exists on SVG file, add them there as `<symbol>`. If existes jump to step 2.
1.1. Change the `symbol` tag to `symbol`
1.2. Add unique `id` to the symbol. Pay attention to not use duplicated ids.
1.3. Remove unecessary html properties to allow you style and decrease the final file size, like `fill`, `stroke-width`, `width`, `height`, `color`.

2. Using this svg into a React component. You need the symbol `id` that is in the SVG icon file.

```tsx
// src/components/ui/MyIconButton/MyIconButton.tsx
import React from 'react'
import IconSVG from 'src/components/common/IconSVG' // this path can be outdated.

function IconButton() {

>   <button><IconSVG name="<<symbol_id>>" weight="thin" /></button>

Author: ```suggestion
  return <button><IconSVG name="<<symbol_id>>" weight="thin" /></button>
```

   )
```

### Adding SVG Icons

> Icons are handy and help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes, including them can decrease performance. There isn't a silver bullet solution that allows them to be added while not decreasing the performance. So, this project suggests using SVGs from a single SVG file and loading them with the `IconSVG` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Icons are handy and help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes, including them can decrease performance. There isn't a silver bullet solution that allows them to be added while not decreasing the performance. So, this project suggests using SVGs from a single SVG file, located in `/static/icons/icons.svg`, and loading them with the `IconSVG` component.
```

So, follow these steps to add or use a new SVG icon:

> :warning: This is a suggestion, evaluate if this fits your scenario.

> 1. If the SVG does not exist on the SVG file, add them there as `<symbol>`. If it exists, jump to step 2.
> 1.1. Change the `svg` tag to `symbol`
> 1.2. Add unique `id` to the symbol. Pay attention not to use duplicated IDs!
> 1.3. Remove unnecessary HTML/SVG properties to allow you to style and decrease the final file size, like `fill`, `stroke-width`, `width`, `height`, and `color`.

Reviewer 2: Just for the sake of breaking the lines from the ordered list.
```suggestion
1. If the SVG does not exist on the SVG file, add them there as `<symbol>`. If it exists, jump to step 2.

   1.1. Change the `svg` tag to `symbol`.

   1.2. Add unique `id` to the symbol. Pay attention not to use duplicated IDs!

   1.3. Remove unnecessary HTML/SVG properties to allow you to style and decrease the final file size, like `fill`, `stroke-width`, `width`, `height`, and `color`.
```

   )
```

### Managing SVG Icons
Icons are handy and help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes, including them can decrease performance. There isn't a silver bullet solution that allows them to be added while not decreasing the performance. So, this project suggests using SVGs from a single SVG file, located in `/static/icons/icons.svg`, and loading them with the `IconSVG` component.

So, follow these steps to add or use a new SVG icon:

> :warning: This is a suggestion, evaluate if this fits your scenario.

#### Adding an SVG icon
1. In the SVG file, change the `svg` tag to `symbol`.

> 2. Add an `id` to the symbol. Remember to use an unique `id` and do not replicate it.

Reviewer 3: Add a code snippet illustrating an example of how the `id` looks in the SVG file. Something similar to the example in *step 2* of the next section, *Using an SVG icon*.

Author: Ok, good catch.

   )
```

### Adding SVG Icons

> Icons are handy and help build beautiful web pages, but sometimes, including them can decrease performance. There isn't a silver bullet solution that allows them to be added while not decreasing the performance. So, this project suggests using SVGs from a single SVG file, located in `/static/icons/icons.svg`, and loading them with the `IconSVG` component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Icons help build web pages by illustrating concepts and improving website navigation. However, using icons can decrease the page's performance. One option to avoid the decrease of the page's performance is to use SVGs from a single SVG file, located in `/static/icons/icons.svg`, and load them with the `IconSVG` component.
```

> So, follow these steps to add or use a new SVG icon:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the following steps, learn how to add and use a new SVG icon and avoid decreasing page performance while using an icon.
```

> > :warning: This is a suggestion, evaluate if this fits your scenario.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Warning
>
> This is a recommendation while using icons on a web page. Evaluate if this fits in your project.
```
